doc(rn): update purge-tool RN (#2008)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/ROOT/pages/purge-tool-changelog.adoc

The purge tool is used to remove data from bonita archive tables. It is useful for big production environments.

== 1.0.4 - Mar 23, 2022

fixes :

> - Fix: add methods to drop index if created at tool startup, this way allowing to re-run a previously stopped run withoutbeing blocked

Author: ```suggestion
- Fix: add methods to drop index if created at tool startup, this way allowing to re-run a previously stopped run without being blocked
```
